Team Name: 		      CHICKENJOY
Project Manager: 	    Portales, Naomi

-----------

Sub-team 1: 		      Cardano, Daniel (DEV)
			                Marasigan, Olivia (QA)
			                Mangubat, Nica (ANA)
			                Portales, Naomi (PM)
			                
Prospective Client 1: 	Celestra Tailoring and Computerized Embroidery: Project Managment Software
			                Fredkyle Celestra  - fredkyle_celestra@yahoo.com

Questions:

Tell us more about your company. What services does it offer?
What are the basic processes your company has?
Currently, how are the basic processes like orders, delivery schedules and supply count monitored?
Who is in charge of managing these processes?
How and where is the data stored? 
How often will the data be changed/followed up?
What OS do currently use? 
Is there anything remotely similar to the software you have in mind that you would want us to look at as a reference?
Can you name some key functional requirements?
What are the different type of users for this project?
What types of data is this project going to handle?

-----------

Sub-team 2: 		        Garcia, Miko (DEV)
			                  Lucas, Martin (QA)
			                  Austria, Jana (ANA)
Prospective Client 2: 	Pamco Supplies, Inc

Questions:

Tell us about your company and what it does.
Do you have a previous accounting system in place already?
Why are you in need of a new accounting system?
What kind of data do you want the accounting system to handle?
Who are the different kind of users who will be using this accounting system?
What are the different reports you need to be shown?
Are there features you want in the accounting system?
Do you have an idea of how you want to the system to look like?

--------------

Sub-team 3: 		        Saavedra, Camille (DEV)
			                  Lozano, Rafael (QA)
			                  Borja, Nikko (ANA)
Prospective Client 3: 	Nth Solutions: Account/Payroll System
			
Questions: 
How do you represent and organize the data?
Who are the stakeholders for this type of business and what does each one's role mean?
How does each role access data?
If we were to make this project, how much will it help you?
How do you keep track of the company's sales/money?
Why do you think a change of software is needed for your company? (Assuming they have an old system that works)
How bad is the functionality of the old system?
Do you think introducing this project to the end users will have a positive outcome? Why?
What type of business are you taking on(assuming the start of conversation)?
In what field/s will you need us to make this project(list all possible field that the company wants to be computerized or improve)? 
Who are the people that you want or expected to be directly impacted by the change?
